#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
altair==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.2.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
asyncio==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
boto3==1.34.44
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.34.44
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via typer
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
diffusers==0.26.3
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.6.0
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.1.0.post1
    # via pydantic
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.109.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
ffmpy==0.3.2
    # via gradio
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.49.0
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.2.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gradio-client==0.10.0
    # via gradio
gradio-pdf==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.3
    # via httpx
httpx==0.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   respx
huggingface-hub==0.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imageio==2.34.0
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via diffusers
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==8.18.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via gradio
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
    #   transformers
orjson==3.9.14
    # via gradio
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   scikit-image
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   vega-datasets
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
polars==0.20.5
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pydantic[email]==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
pydantic-core==2.16.2
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
pytest==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-asyncio==0.23.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via gradio
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
respx==0.20.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ruff==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
rich==13.7.0
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
s3transfer==0.10.0
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.4.2
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
scikit-image==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.12.0
    # via scikit-image
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.36.3
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tifffile==2024.2.12
    # via scikit-image
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.12.0
    # via gradio
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
torch==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.37.2
    # via -r requirements.in
typer[all]==0.9.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   typer
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.27.1
    # via gradio
vega-datasets==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==11.0.3
    # via gradio-client
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
